Replace `checkerframework.org` with `eisop.github.io` (#447)
eisop/checker-framework: docs/CHANGELOG.md

Version 2.1.8 (20 January 2017)
-------------------------------

> The Checker Framework webpage has moved to https://eisop.github.io/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Checker Framework webpage has moved to https://checkerframework.org/.
```
